# blazr-react-native-client
react native mobile client

BLAZR PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 02/05/2018
Blazr (“we,” and “us”) respects the privacy of its users (“you”) and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our application or services or transacting business with us. By using our website, application or other online services (our “Service”), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.

Information we collect about you

In General. We may collect Personal Information, including Sensitive Data, and other information. “Personal Information” means individually identifiable information that would allow us to determine the actual identity of, and contact, a specific living person. Sensitive Data includes information, comments or content (e.g. photographs, video, profile, lifestyle) that you optionally provide that may reveal your ethnic origin, nationality, religion and/or sexual orientation. By providing Sensitive Data to us, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of Sensitive Data as permitted by applicable privacy laws. We may also collect your geolocation information with your consent. We may collect this information through a website, mobile application, or other online services. By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse and retain data related to the provision of the Service. When you provide personal information through our Service, the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and countries around the world.

Information you provide. In order to register as a user with Blazr, you will be asked to sign in using your Facebook login. If you do so, you authorize us to access certain Facebook account information, such as your public Facebook profile (consistent with your privacy settings in Facebook), your email address, interests, likes, gender, birthday, education history, relationship interests, current city, photos, personal description, friend list, and information about and photos of your Facebook friends who might be common Facebook friends with other Blazr users. You will also be asked to allow Blazr to collect your location information from your device when you download or use the Service. In addition, we may collect and store any personal information you provide while using our Service or in some other manner. This may include identifying information, such as your name, address, email address and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information. You may also provide us photos, a personal description and information about your gender and preferences for recommendations, such as search distance, age range and gender. If you chat with other Blazr users, you provide us the content of your chats, and if you contact us with a customer service or other inquiry, you provide us with the content of that communication.

Information collected automatically. We automatically collect information from your browser or device when you visit our Service. This information could include your IP address, device ID and type, your browser type and language, the operating system used by your device, access times, your mobile device’s geographic location while our application is actively running, and the referring website address.
